id
-
uuid, primary key, unique, default: gen_random_uuid()
date_began
-
timestamp with time zone, nullable
date_end
-
timestamp with time zone, nullable
ownership_percent
-
double precision, nullable
personal_usage_percent
-
double precision, nullable
gst_number
-
integer, nullable
prepare_gst
-
boolean, nullable
gross_rents
-
double precision, nullable
advertising
-
double precision, nullable
insurance
-
double precision, nullable
interest
-
double precision, nullable
maintenance_and_repairs
-
double precision, nullable
management_and_admin_fees
-
double precision, nullable
motor_vehicle_expenses
-
double precision, nullable
office_expenses
-
double precision, nullable
professional_fees
-
double precision, nullable
property_taxes
-
double precision, nullable
salary_wages_benefits_empoyer_contributions
-
double precision, nullable
travel
-
double precision, nullable
utilities
-
double precision, nullable
other_expenses
-
double precision, nullable
capital_purchases_improvements_or_disposals
-
double precision, nullable
additional_info_or_comments
-
text, nullable
property_address
-
text, nullable
tax_records_id
-
uuid, unique
